part2d - improve readability (#315)
fullstackopen-2019/fullstackopen-2019.github.io: src/content/2/en/part2d.md

```

> In defining the object using this shorter notation, we make use of a [new feature](https://developer.mozilla.org/enUS/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Object_initializer#Property_definitions) that was introduced to JavaScript through ES6, enabling a slightly more compact way of defining objects using variables.

Author: ```suggestion
In defining the object using this shorter notation, we make use of a [new feature](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Object_initializer#Property_definitions) that was introduced to JavaScript through ES6, enabling a slightly more compact way of defining objects using variables.
```

Reviewer: Please commit this typo fix before merging.
